what's up my people good time let's
watch an improvised video that ends
we're here live but
my daughter just uploaded a video okay
look at what a beautiful frame look at what a
beautiful frame I just found it
beautiful the frame I will probably
use it even in miniature because I really
liked this frame and it's
about him
chord and the spirit man we haven't talked
many times on this channel but we
have talked on a couple of
occasions
the guy we assigned him one see when he went to
save me jesus candles and he was flirting
quite a bit all choco the coronavirus
said one thing about assistance the other the
god is very crazy okay the god is
quite gone and something sadly happened to him
okay a few months ago okay he
fell into the hands of cancer I don't know
exactly what cancer it is okay but he fell
bad and well from here I send him all the
support possible and all the encouragement he has
but he put a you and there he slipped
a lot okay for you not a lot with
this tweet
let's see it now in the video side I
'm commenting on it I was about to
make a video to fall main but
as I'm quite busy with meetings
this week I don't have time  make
edited videos this week so
surely this week will be more
live than anything else but they went
overboard it was quite a bit they went quite crazy
on twitter with that tweet even
when closing twitter accounts
and I've rarely seen twitter act
so fast and in fact I think they also
did it so fast because they had it in for him you
know twitter spain
today I come they talked about spirit man
because it turns out that yesterday he was a trending
topic on twitter for releasing spirit
man the complaint is the right to
honor they've filed a lot man they've
filed it a lot of times one he lost it
and they sentenced him to 5000 another he lost it and they sentenced him
to 5000 also another he
lost he was also sentenced to 30,000
and then I think he's had more but I can't
remember but I was seeing
when the complaint this right to honor
that he's had and he's had a fourth is
nonsense about and it's not that it
was only trending topic it's that they even
suspended his account but it became mobile to
yours everyone has been seen
commenting on that point tweets even people  that
is not from Spain I have seen a lot
of YouTube see that they are even from outside
commenting on the [ __ ] tweets and yes, right
here and in the description box and if you
want to enter a record chat with me
and have exclusive content you
can also support me in patriotic you have the link
that the description now yes because it is
always revealed that it says that we
support it in patriotic the city and account
always says you can follow me you can
follow me
on twitter you can follow militant there you can
follow me in patriotic everything is like
saying in as if they were not [ __ ]
jokes like that I can't take it
seriously I can't subscribe you can also support me in patios because come on those of you who don't know who spirit man spirit man is a doctor on YouTube and he became quite well known during confinement for talking about the coronavirus and criticizing the government that broke it in the corona the guy came to see it
was controversial I already know who it was but
the color the coronavirus was boom boom
boom boom boom incredible it doubled I wouldn't know if I should
say it tripled but it more than
doubled the subscribers and he uploaded a
video the video  half an hour or an hour
you get a thousand views
they are the first ones that are critical of the
government and the way it has handled
the pandemic because I even have a
video talking about that topic I go to this
video because I'm an idiot I have to
see there was one
during the confinement no then a few
months later they suddenly removed
monetization from channels that talked about
your topics but the dry they removed
monetization from a lot of channels and I
said wow yes it's because of the
government because yes
and they put you in you're on youtube I'll tell you
but there are channels that put
stress if you say things that the government doesn't
like they find your video as you
sign you they give you a strike and on top of that they
give you the strike you
can't say things that are
against the things that have been said on the MS side
and of course a hoax is what they consider to be
those hoaxes but well
as I thought that the reason was this
I ran away with fear and deleted
all the videos that were about this
topic of criticism of the government the
video I made of Dallas talking about Vox
criticizing some criticism of the
progressives poems and so on and I deleted them
quickly because I got scared that
week they removed the monetization of the
entire channel for four videos that my
channel does not focus on this but
talks about the subject for four specific months and
sometimes for four mega videos it is removed and
then in the end in my colleague who had his
monetization removed they ended up
turning it around two or three days later and
deleting the videos for no one and they were
videos well because the boxing one has been
very good the government one was a gem
but the problem with Stillman is that he
loses his manners they have even gone so far as to
insult alienated they removed his
monetization do you remember that all the
progressives brave brave karma and then
when they gave it back he gave it to him and nothing
in everyone's mouth
good phrase I love flamingos
for example during confinement they
called him on a video conference for a
television program to save him and he
even took it in halitosis and mansalva he
totally screwed up but if
what I'm telling you is this man they have
filed a complaint against him for the right to honor
at mansalva he will tell the president of the
government that it is true  what I'm
telling you is the way
in which
all this has been handled is highly criticizable but for those insults well you
can earn a lawsuit listening to you
leave it and say the war of politicians
that we have well but it's a lot and look
that you are condemned for enjoying
a politician because politicians have
more
as I would say more exposure to criticism
when the criticism is to a politician as
if he has more leeway to say some
things precisely I think that the
president that we are on the
front line of battle that we are
shooting and that he is looking from
above what is happening and this
punishment that he could eat and I told him
or [ __ ] I remember that I reacted that
direct to that save me we reacted this
chemistry of the secondary school and I drew the
great [ __ ] to the president
I think that he can be criticized if you
if you read it I say it with knowledge of the
facts because it is not the first time that
this man
for slander in addition to the fact that he became
known because he was supposedly a
doctor who spoke the truth, who
spoke of the seriousness of this
pandemic and this and before the pandemic
I made a video spirit  mab on the
main channel agreement before the
pandemic the guy messed with people
who took the coronavirus seriously he did it
without mincing words and that
earned him a lot of followers the
problem is that this was not always the case
at the beginning when mittal there were already about a
thousand deaths spirit man came to
compare it to a simple cold and
of course if it is a doctor who is
telling you that you do not have to
worry because the coconut
is not that serious, then many people
believed it but overnight and without
giving explanations he changed this speech and
began to say that no the coronavirus
was not nonsense that it was something serious and
this as I tell you was from one day to the
next without giving any kind of explanation
or apologizing for having been saying
until that moment that this was
sovereign nonsense and as I say in
my opinion yes he should have
apologized because many people believed that
this was not a big deal because the people
who listened to him listened to him because
a doctor was saying it perhaps this is the moment when
many begin to do a job with
common sense until they are really
good well you know that as we are all
hoping there is a lot of
official contagion from schools and we go
to the supermarkets they are empty you don't
have the glass that you [ __ ] because
really the job of making
people see that they are going to have a cold they
have to spend it at home since
we have managed to reach so many
millions of people so that they wash their
hands so that they do not get in the way in the
face this here as they were well
avoid that montage the smart but as it
is difficult to fight against
collective hysteria against all these senseless measures
that it is but please that
Andalusia never loses the schools I would
suggest before they take that life
that they do the excursion for the children that they
have it open but that nothing here is about
that many
supposed health professionals have
the foolishness to send that audio and not
show their faces I
hope that some doctor is really
that serious his video as I do some
head of service and that he really tells
the reality of what is happening and
knows what is happening that we are
fed up with the fact that
a cold really caused
what is causing because it has the  The
best marketing a politician needs
in today's society is where we
all act like
profound functional illiterates and subnormals that
everything blows up in three days and as we are
saying that here, as it has been taken as a
joke, not like in China
in Italy, let it not come out bis
that it should be done and they have not taken
measures they have let this spread,
great mother of one of the highest peaks
in the world and I am telling you that if
we already have intubated people who have died
but in Madrid and here in Granada in
the hospitals and it is bad in force already
intubated that they are starting the ICU to
admit patients and the only thing we see
in the hospital emergency rooms are
patients with the coronavirus that we do not see anything
else
intelligent which is what has happened
now, well this man has messed up
on Twitter and he has messed up they are together that they have even
suspended his account
but after good Ben Ali to such an extent he
has messed up to the point of the arrival it
surprises the account as if it were something
very difficult for them to suspend your account
on Twitter you know Twitter comes out many
times to suspend the account because
potato but well yes, he had very
you manage to reported mind-blowingly
know you and nothing more than the law or
anyone in the support has said out
spirit man posted this tweet about it yesterday
whoever wants to be cured of cancer is cured
whoever doesn't doesn't
and whoever doesn't dies the attitude of the
ally of the scientific evidence of the
treatment is very harsh I repeat whoever
wants to get what they want in my
way of thinking whoever doesn't want to doesn't
get it and if in the fight cancer is
a [ __ ] nonsense it's worth a [ __ ] nonsense
that can hurt people who have had
relatives that we all have them
because everyone because cancer is a
bug that is in every family
today we all have an uncle a cousin a
grandfather knows but I'm saying that whoever does
n't want to be cured dies because they don't
want it an authentic savagery that
hurts okay I understand the way he
put it I'm not going to say no and what he
wanted he wanted to send the
message in a motivating way
know how in a motivating way but
of course if you take yours literally it's
nonsense I understand that the tweet wasn't literal
I want to think that yours was
put in a way  motivating knows
that you think about that you are going to be
cured and that you want to be cured you know and that
he thinks that he wants to be cured you know I
think that has been the most clarified
people jumped to like literally he is a
doctor and it is a stupid disease that
he himself suffers from the one who wants to be cured is cured
and the one who I don't know the attitude is an
ally of the scientific evidence of
very harsh treatments
the one who wants gets what he wants is
my way of thinking the one who doesn't want doesn't
get it that a doctor who is not
only a doctor but
unfortunately also suffers from this disease
takes and puts out this tweet saying that it is
cured if you want to be cured that whoever wants to be
cured of cancer can do it well it
is a little strong and you being a
doctor should know that this is not like that that
is a motivating message I know of
mainer mirage announced come out here on
my channel was announcing come out that
well don't believe that the one who came out value that there is
in the thing that is going to tell you
guys this this has very little
chance of being cured this these
[ __ ] up the vast majority of people
die
I try in the motivating message they know
plan we already know that no I wish
things were not as they were now it was that you want to be
cured and it cures you of whatever no no it is not like that we know we know there is no
need for
spirit to come to say it but I understand that
this has not been literal literal
or rather who can take that tweet
literally as if I had said it
totally seriously I am a doctor and I
prescribe laughter and joy and that is how you cure yourself I
understand the literal man but
by wanting to cure yourself unfortunately you are
not going to cure yourself because if not you would not even need
medicines you would need
treatments I would need
doctors and absolutely
nothing would be necessary because if you are sick you
want to cure yourself then that would be
enough but unfortunately this is not the
case and obviously a lot of
people answered him saying that what he had
posted was nonsense and you
think he rectified it well he did not continue to
parante like a headless chicken he
continued saying things of this
style whoever wants to be cured is cured I
understand that everything I say many of you do
not want to understand here I know what I
am talking about as a doctor and as a patient what he
is telling you is that he  you are
being like a doctor not 600 as a
patient life not everything depends on
science but also on luck but for
me as a doctor and as a patient the
positive attitude and the strength of the mind
are fundamental and essential to
overcome
this disease I feel that you do not understand
that you have to think like this no longer has not
known how to execute well what the message was
wanted to transmit okay I think
the failure was the way okay but it
is not literal is not telling you that this
is the prescription and that if you are not literal
this tweet of me this man does not like me
this man has said a lot of
nonsense and this tweet is nonsense but I
am being honest with you and that the message
is not literal it is the attitude that you have to
take unfortunately obviously I
remember a boy who went very viral
Pablo but not only the last name and the
boy the more he earns and the more he fights mother me the
poor guy the more desire he had to live
and the more he fought and nothing was taken away by this
[ __ ] shitty disease no but it is like that you have to
think like that you have to
think like that if they
detect the disease already thinking that
you are going to die then cure  if
you go with a bad attitude you go
down it goes downhill if you go with a bad
pessimistic attitude we go down
because that affects you you will last longer and you will
be better if you go positively and
fight you understand me
since it's not that if you don't want to you don't
die and that you acquire it cures you and you are not born
I do not understand the message as literal
again saying that whoever wants to be
cured is cured and whoever does not know and it was a
constant of answers of this
style the worst of all is that he
justified himself saying that those messages
were not for the relatives or friends of
people who suffered but for the
sick themselves this message is for
those who have one for relatives or
friends that you know a lot but does not know what is
wrong with him the message is good
but he does not know how to execute it because he goes crazy
this man is worth it and this
man thinks he goes around yelling and
saying nonsense he thinks he wants to
give himself the credit of a guy or rather how to gain
followers that he gained at that moment by
saying things as he said them he
thinks he is going to win things because
people let's see if spears image is
a guy who has no hair  in the language and
says things clearly and he slips
and slips because he doesn't think about what he says
before saying it you know
you are in your heads and you don't have the
disease and that's why you can't
understand it and then he also said that many
sick people understood what he
meant by that of whoever wants to be
cured are cured and whoever doesn't know but those who did
n't understand it were
family and friends and it's true that it's
important to have a positive attitude
to be able to face something like that but
only with that positive attitude you are not going to be
cured you are not going to be cured just because you
love yourself of course I know but the fact is that I am
sick with cancer you don't drink if that's the
success for you let's go with me that you are
going to be cured that is going to come out of this text
you are not going with him okay yes yes yes it is very
positive everything you want but let him
know that you do not get vaccinated just because you test
positive that here almost
tokic dies and that is not going to the century
the message also passes it on as a sight
that he does not know if the thing cures many of
you will remember for example the case
of Pablo Rado ex student Iglesias
who had leukemia and some  desire to live
amazing always with a smile on his
face and unfortunately leukemia got the better
of him or so according to spirit man
even though this boy really
wanted to live and really wanted to get better
like most sick people do, he would
n't have enough desire to
get better to achieve it
this subject really gets on my nerves
because I've had people very close to me who have been
fighting against
this disease for many years and in the end they passed away without
going any further my grandfather's army had
been fighting for 20 years against the 20
years in which they treated her they operated on her she would
go away for a while and after a while it
would come back it would come back like
that for 20 years and he never stopped
fighting or so until the very last he
was fighting until the very last day he
never lost hope or lost the
will to live and for a doctor to come and
tell me that people like Pablo Rights or
people like my grandfather's sister
who have been fighting and with an
amazing desire to live until the very last
moment have passed away and died
because they didn't have the desire to get better
strong enough to
get it is that I really tell you
that this is to flip out and this is a
lack of respect not only for
family and friends but also for it
is a lack of respect if you
take it as something personal you know a lack
of respect if you take it literally okay and
the problem is that he has not
written it literally I mean it is not no it is not I
know I understand this tweet and look
this man is crazy and he has
gone to constitute the opposite in a way
that is an outrage and then on
top of that he does not know how to explain why
because he does not think what he writes he does
not think what he writes because then I could have
and it made me look
guys
do not take things literally I am
sending a message of encouragement of support
forgive me for the way if it appears
disrespectful but no I did not want to
convey this
I wanted to convey strength to the
sick
patients of that disease because as
much as you say that there are
cancer patients who do understand
what you mean when you say that whoever wants to be cured is cured I am clear that if the army in my grandfather were here today  day I would not agree with what
you're saying well guys and that's it for
today's video if you
liked it don't forget to subscribe
down here and leave me a line so I can watch it and we'll
see each other in the next video but because
this risk is always a risk to the desire
of the patriotic and that we'll see each other in the next
video and we'll see each other in the next video but
why are you laughing it's
not funny that the video
ended I think I'll look at it it's nonsense
the tweet the way he wrote
the way the words could have been
expressed transforms it would have
fit better with the people that people would have
taken it less of course
okay I'm not saying no but on this occasion
I don't see a bad intention here in
these tweets on the contrary I see a good
intention okay I see an intention of
motivation ok
come out wise don't be wise express yourself well you
express yourself like [ __ ] and on top of that
when they went to sit on you he
appropriated it but still
but still okay
to be a communicator you have to know how to
be in many places and spears and more it
seems to me that fame is given very quickly
and a responsibility that you don't know how to
manage